Very good interesting project, If, it was done by student in first semester. I used this program and it works without
error. Design is cool, colorful. Extremely user friendly and very well developed. Hope the best. Keep on like this.
                Emirlan Sadyrakiev
***
I am not programmer but I think it is good job. But I have some idea, you can add more functions if window where has
big photo of Ala Too university. For example, information about student or his grades. By the way good project.
It is not limit.
                Nurbek Anaraly uulu
***
The design is so simple that the user won’t find any difficulties while working on it. In order to run the project,
you must have installed Python and on your PC. This is a simple application system application for beginners.
Excellent work.
                Erkebay Muzabekov
***
I’m impressed, it well deserves recognition. Given the nature of the assignment, that’s great. However, some of your
specific arguments need developed - the message that appears when you enter an incorrect password or name disappears
very quickly. You could make this message last longer. Overall, it’s clear that you put a lot of effort and time.
                Alima Eshenkulova
***
The project is good but useless. You could do the same only online inside the site. But for language learning you can.
Try to create something really necessary for the next time. I believe in you and hope that you get good grades
for this project
                Erlan Shaktybekov
***
The mind of the person who created this program is clear and broad-minded, because at least the design is very
beautifully reflected, and at the same time the program works and the system is good. Kutman Eshenkulov Create other
programs and achieve great success in the future. The program you are currently preparing is even better! Now I hope
that you will achieve many more successes in your undergraduate.
	            Tenirberdi Timur uulu
***
Entrance system or login system "I appreciate that you paid attention to every detail while making it because it is
obvious that the programming is very well done, I wish you more further success in mastering programming more
carefully in the future.
                Kushbek Jakypov
***
I appreciate your work because you made a program with a beautiful interface and it's also working properly. However,
I believe that you can achieve even more; therefore, try more, and hope that you become successful!
                Erhan Toktorov
